=== Welcome to Fat Free CRM modified version with Google Calendar Integrated
This is a modified version of Fat Free CRM that has google calendar integrated.
I fixed some bug found in the original version during development. 

The original version of Fat Free CRM can be found at https://github.com/michaeldv/fat_free_crm.
In this modified version, I added 2 plugins and modified them so that they can work correctly.
* crm_google_account_settings module https://github.com/tractis/crm_google_account_settings
* crm_google_calendar module https://github.com/tractis/crm_google_calendar 

=== System Requirements

* Ruby v1.9.2
* MySQL v4.1.1 or later (v5+ is recommended), SQLite v3.4 or later, or Postgres 8.4.8 or later.
* ImageMagick (optional, only if you would like to use avatars)

(Ruby on Rails v3 and other gem dependencies will be installed automatically by Bundler.)

=== Downloads

* Git source code repository: https://github.com/swarut/Modified-FFCRM-with-GCalendar-integrated

=== Setting Up The Database Configuration

For the ease of installation, I set sqlite as default database. To change this setting,
edit config/database.yml and specify database names and authentication details.


=== Installing Gem Dependencies
On terminal, run:

    $ bundle install


=== Create The Database

Now you are ready to create the database:

   $ bundle exec rake db:create
   $ bundle exec rake db:migrate


=== Setting Up The Application

The next step is to load default Fat Free CRM settings, such as menu structures,
default colors, etc. and create the Admin user. This is done by running the
following rake task:

   $ bundle exec rake crm:setup

=== Running The App

Now you should be able to launch the Rails server and point your web browser
to http://localhost:3000

   $ rails server

=== For Developers

Fat Free CRM can be customized by implementing callback hooks and extended by
creating Rails Engines plugins. Check out these sample repositories demonstrating
the concepts:

   http://github.com/michaeldv/crm_sample_plugin/tree/master
   http://github.com/michaeldv/crm_sample_tabs/tree/master
   http://github.com/michaeldv/crm_web_to_lead/tree/master
   http://github.com/michaeldv/crm_tags/tree/master


=== License

Copyright (c) 2008-2011 by Michael Dvorkin and Warut Surapat. All rights reserved.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See LICENSE file for more details.

